About PCANDPARTS Lebanon
Our Mission
To provide Lebanon with the highest quality computer systems and parts and service at the lowest available prices.
We know which parts work together efficiently. Also, the computer systems we build are custom made to meet your specific technology needs. At PCANDPARTS, we determine the exact needs of our customers by figuring out how the customer plans to use the computer; then we provide the many available pricing options.
We have been serving Lebanon online since 1998, and we are always planning to excel in the future.

Our Products
Most components of our systems are independent of one another.
How can a video card be upgraded if it is built into the mainboard? It can’t. If the modem in your system ceases to function, how can you replace it when it is a part of the soundcard? You’ll have to pay the cost of replacing both! Most of the components of Computer Parts systems are independent of one another, which allow you to replace or upgrade at a lower cost. Note that we do incorporate motherboards with built-in components in our offers due to market competitive reasons. Before you buy one of our systems, we’ll explain the maximum technology available for each of our systems.

Our Vision
To be an active part of people progress in the IT and tech world
As online shopping becomes more popular in Lebanon we intend to grow into every household, not only to be used as a reference but to actually be an active part of peoples progress in the IT and tech world. Most of our customers are tech-savvy people and understand the structure of our website, our aim for the short future is to provide the normal end user with a better online shopping experience with easy to follow instructions and secure payment methods

Payment Options The only option we offer to our customers is cash payment upon delivery for the Separate Parts.

Return Policy
This is our Detailed Standard Return Policy. Unless another return policy is indicated, products sold by PCANDPARTS.COM  are covered by this Standard Return Policy

Prior to returning any item, you MUST RECEIVE A RETURN AUTHORIZATION NUMBER ( by calling or e mailing ). No returns will be accepted without this RMA number.

All requests for returns must be made within 5 days of the date of receipt of the merchandise. Once approved, PCANDPARTS.COM must receive the return merchandise within 10 days or the RMA will be cancelled.

ALL RETURNS& Replacements, except for warranty repair/replacement, are subject to a restocking fee of 20% of the current item price or $10.00, whichever is greater. Once an order is delivered this condition will apply with NO exceptions.

PCANDPARTS.Com will NOT be responsible for the return shipping cost. Customer pays return shipping on all services

Customer is solely responsible for shipping any returned product to PCANDPARTS.com. Customer agrees that all returned products will be 100% complete, in re-saleable condition, and will include the original packaging material, manuals, blank warranty cards, and other accessories originally provided. If any component of the returned product is missing, PCANDPARTS.com’s Return Procedure will be breached and PCandParts.com will reject the entire return or may choose to impose additional charges against the customer for replacement of the missing component.

Physically damaged items cannot be returned.

By confirming orders and / or accepting delivery of any product purchased from PCandParts.com (“PCandParts.com”), you (“Customer”) agree to be bound by the terms and conditions listed in this section and the warranty section of our website.

By confirming orders and / or accepting delivery of any product purchased from PCandParts.com (“PCandParts.com”), you (“Customer”) acknowledge that you are familiar with the instructions and method of use of the requested product.

Notebooks, Complete / Custom built computer systems, printer consumables & Gaming Chairs are neither returnable nor refundable. PCANDPARTS.COM will process returns, for these items, for warranty service only.

Authentication Keys & Pre-Paid Game Cards for online games are neither returnable nor refundable.

Software Orders, once opened, are neither returnable nor refundable.

Items Labeled as ” Special Order “, ” No Warranty”, ” Operational Warranty” or “Limited Warranty”, adapters & cables are not returnable nor refundable.

Whereas (“PCandParts.com”) is committed to provide all items with the correct part / model numbers as ordered, products specifications, links & pictures posted on our website are for informative purposes only and cannot be used as a reason for claiming a return since they may differ somtimes.

Quantity Purchases
While we are more than happy to fill your order for a quantity of ten (10) or more of any given item in our inventory on a single purchase order, please understand that an order of that size, once purchase is completed, is automatically non-refundable. All other specific conditions related to the ordered item still apply, including any and all stipulations relative to any available replacement return policies. Please contact Customer Service with any questions you may have.


Contact Information

Sales@PcAndParts.Com 

03-585-535 (Direct sales line)

01-685-333 (Corporate Direct Sales)

Address : Furn El Chebback -Sammout Street – Beirut –  Lebanon


Hours of operation
Mon-Fri: 8:00AM - 6:00PM GMT+2
Saturday 8:00AM - 1:00PM GMT+2
(Excluding National Holidays)